# 2

All-nighters had not-so-gradually become a habit. Perhaps if you'd even rudimentarily charted his sleep over time, he'd have startled (assuming he wouldn't be able to distract himself away,) but he'd continued to successfully grow his vices exponentially, under his own conscious threshold. It's not as if he were actually unaware of what it meant for a human body to constantly consume so much caffeine and sugar in order to force it through so many nights, but his inhibitions had shrunk within him as his ability to conceptualize his own future had faded – by now, into virtually nothing.
He was arriving, this morning – as to the increasingly-frequent others – without having slept a wink through a particularly lively Wednesday night as the primary Boss of all airspace in and around the greater (digital) Seattle-Tacoma maze. The more sustained traffic there was – operations, as they're called – the greater the test was of Barney's ability to shepherd – or, vector – and delegate incoming & outgoing flights. He'd truly entered a brainstate of primal gluttony for occupation of his mental bandwidth – the vast majority of his life decisions across the board could be explained by servitude to his especially tedious preference in stimuli. After the indulgence of the night-long deluge, he'd hand off his post as the sun came up to reflect in relative stillness amidst his rapidly-hushing beta waves.
This morning – as on the increasingly-frequent others – he planned to dither about for precisely long enough to make him seven minutes late to work, which involved the mindless, protracted consumption of two bowls of bland instant oatmeal over the course of ninety minutes while a progressive loop of the television program M*A*S*H* played, mirrored on both his computer screens at near-whisper volume.[^fn1] Whatever was left of his attention was dedicated in its entirety to his smartphone's display as he methodically sifted his favorite internet message boards for the most current available Joke Images of a popular, but universally-crude, de-intellectual type. When he happened upon an especially effective example in private, he would involuntarily produce a brisk, mild whooshing nearly identical to that of a muted sneeze – when among casual friends or twice-found acquaintances, the discovery would cause him to steadily, nasally chuckle for an empty tenth of a second or so longer than was generally appropriate.
Continuing to self-administer the necessary beverage to sustain his function simultaneously with so much otherwise-unaccompanied oatmeal meant he would almost always need the restroom, where he would sit – still scrolling – until precisely nine minutes before his intended time of arrival to the downtown office on Blake Street. He'd swing out of the bathroom and tend to the inevitable mess his breakfast would leave in the common area with barely enough effort to warrant a thin excuse later to his slightly more fastidious roommate, Craig.[^fn2] This time, he not only left his dirty, oatmealed bowl in the sink, unrinsed – he failed to place the gallon of milk back in the refrigerator or even replace its cap. For a moment, he winced at the new boundaries he was pushing, but the clock on the stove already read 8:30, and it was ten minutes and forty-one seconds ahead.[^fn3] He haphazardly dumped a cup of kibble into Gruel's pan – which she would wait over half an hour to acknowledge for the sake of her pride in front of her constant illusion of an attentive audience – and set out the sticky, offset door unshowered and unshaven in the same dour sweatshirt and lustless, stonewashed jeans he'd been wearing for over two days.
Down the steps, around the only corner convenience store in Colorado that carried Hell-brand energy drinks, and by the hideous Pepsi Center stadium went Blimp, pumping his stocky limbs, inducing his singular facsimile of the phenomenon known as Runner's High, which was enhanced by the caffeine in his system and his tired, anxious brain's above-average indulgence in adrenaline. This tendency of the body to react to sleep deprivation by entering an amplified, exponentially gradiented state of charged excitement (or, panic, for some) out of self-preservation was an especially significant one of a few responsible culprits in the reward system that sustained Barney's new lifestyle. Challenging his body this way manifested an artificial sense of adventure which even the grandest possible pleasures at his imagination's disposal could not.
It undoubtedly didn't help that his employers were not in a position to punish his mediocrity or reward any excellence, as their service's usership had been in decline for almost a decade. MapQuest, originators of the convenient format of digital navigation, had been unable to maintain their relevance – operating at a loss since before anyone left in the office could remember when. As per the unfortunate, long-pervasive status quo, Blimp's late arrival – at 8:34 – was not observed by anyone but himself. Through reception without a glance, then the badly-aging, bizarrely-lit, haphazardly-colored habitat of his groggy, destitute coworkers, past the small central "huddle rooms," each marked by a graphic of a smartphone search bar containing a fantastic destination – Taj Mahal, Pyramids of Giza, Colossus of Rhodes, and on – Barney Blimp sought his half-desk in the open mid-rear of the space.
He plopped and slumped in his chair, but stared at the worn neon geometric shape in the carpet by his feet for a brief moment of dissociation before logging in to stare in exactly the same fashion at his work inbox. When asked about his indulgence in sleep deprivation by the few friends who knew him well enough to be concerned, he would cite his responsibility to the virtual air traffic community as a mentor and sentinel, but the reality was that he enjoyed it – most of the results of asking one's mind to extend its healthy uptime constructed a high for him that no other practice or substance, alone, could. The stress would maintain a state of hyperawareness while in front of his screens, and would help remove him in a critical way from the tedious and mundane of his daily life. Some part of him was reading emails, yes, but it was less conscious than it would've been – than it was for his loopy, reductive, hideously-daft deskmate, Edgar, who was technically Blimp's subordinate, but had long since realized Barney Blimp's total lack of interest or finesse in delegation. There was little in the way of other faculties in him, save for an impressive, practiced ability to carry a single-sided conversation for hours.
"So apparently my Grandma managed to fuck up my parents' new DVR with Judge Judy recordings in less than a week – I think they bought it the day before Easter or something." Neither man moved from their skimming. Edgar huffed.
"I know I should care about the acquisition thing but uh... as long as the coffee is still good, ya know? Fuckin Thursdays," he said, huffing again. "I think we're gonna try to get a new TV soon so I can have the one in the living room. Hopefully 4K." [^fn4]
Barney looked beyond his display to the fake petrified wood siding on the far wall, idly trying to remember the last film he'd seen for any reason other than the excuse to gluttonize liberally-buttered popcorn. Something Millionaire, he thought. With Craig and his super-hippie girlfriend, maybe two weeks after he'd first moved in. He'd sipped down four and a half bottles of her homemade pilsner and they had all three more or less simultaneously turned ill. Probably food poisoning – that rock-in-the-stomach sensation, but nobody had actually thrown up, if his memory served him. They'd just gone to bed somewhat early and neglected to do anything together since, which didn't bother Barney as far as he could tell – he preferred to socialize through the coy and entirely-controllable context of clearances and vectors.
Fuckin Thursdays. What a foul, meaningless expression to be breaking the beats of his dissociation! What a foul life, his head said.[^fn5] His gaze returned to the unread messages in his inbox, tricking him in a momentary spell of dizziness. The Thanks, before his supervisor's boss's signature in her memo from the previous week with the subject line "Further thoughts/heads up on the future" briefly became Thursdays, in his periphery. Fuckin, he thought. His neck began to cramp, so he shifted his legs, took another putrid gulp of Hell, and again fingered the scroll wheel. "FW: Friday's HUGE BLOWOUT PARKING LOT SALE" from his landlord – who's stimulant prescription, petty, shapeless home life and resulting general aggravation with procrastination led him to carry on the notion that Blimp might one day fix his derelict hatchback, if prodded enough – became "FW: Fuckin HUGE BLOWS." He smirked in insolvent agony.
"...like I could do some A/V on the side or something instead of going out every other night." Edgar's granular drivel had finally managed to cross the threshold of Barney's awareness. "I guess I don't really need the extra cash, but I looked at my savings to pitch in for the TV and it sucks."
Barney Blimp gave him all of an exhaling, cocked head side glance with a vanilla smile. "Same here," he said.
Fuuuuckin Thurs-days! It was musical now – too quickly mutating in time with the melody of Rule Britannia.[^fn6]
My sav-ings real-ly sucks. Bri-tons ne-e-e-e-Ever will be slaves! And it continued... Without REM sleep, his mind's ability to parse relevant information was in steady decline, which made for him his Hell's Hell; his surrealist heaven. Fuckin Thursdays. Enough of his consciousness was left to wonder why so much of mindless contemporary office dialogue orbited around the topic of which day of the week it was, how that came to be – or, if it had always been an inescapable fact of human existence.[^fn7] Fuckin Mondays, in so many words.
In the office chat window behind his inbox, the occupants of the whole were doing their Thursday morning best to professionalize their panic in their responses to an announcement that had been pinged company-wide just a few minutes before.
"***Correction: he'll be visiting today at some point.***"
Even if Barney had been sufficiently present in this fuddled reality to take notice, his inattention was already elderly enough that it wouldn't have mattered. Telecom companies had been curiously (but not altogether passionately) circling MapQuest for its liquidatbles like lazy, non-committal buzzards for so long that it scarcely crossed the minds of any but the remaining three executives – and even they had considered their tenure too unappetizing to warrant much worry. It was assumed that their parent company, AOL, would be bought soon in a huge, several billion dollar merger, and that they would be brought along – if not for any other justification than sparing the bidder the inevitable inconveniences of a split.
Edgar was again submerged in Blimp's ether – now on the topic of "vintage" stereo receivers: how analog units could still be adapted for digital cable boxes, and why they should be – as he set about writing his first reply of the day cross-department to the head support tech about an issue with duplicate integrated customer reviews from other services that they had both agreed to overlook nine times already in Q1 alone. This time, though, a single Yelp! review of a Des Moines brasserie had reportedly been pushed in over 450 duplicates, blanketing the page with broken text for who-knew-how-many users, which was posited to potentially cause a cascading series of bugs across several servers at any moment. Continuing to argue that the issue was not yet worth any resources from the position of a Senior Programmer would have been a truly audacious display of negligence, but Barney was feeling especially lazy, so he began.
As the refusal was pounded into being, a slight commotion stirred in the direction of reception and a young, supremely professional-looking woman dressed from heels to hairpins in bright silver strolled dangerously quickly through the far doorway toward the corner office carrying a black leather document case. Chief Technical Officer Peter Built – its sole occupant – was the first to notice her and look up from his screen, chin still on his palm when he made contact with her eyes. For a second too long, he felt a primal burst of absolute terror, but he managed to push away from his desk, button his blazer, and stick on a smile which she half-returned as they met at the doorway.
"Mr. Built," she said, reaching for his hand.
"Ms. Tharp."
From where she'd been moments before, two disheveled young men followed like straggling ducklings, turning around in wonderment with gleeful smiles, taking in their surroundings as if they were just entering a petting zoo for the first time in their newly post-infantile lives. The first was a noticeably superior mess – tripping over his ruthlessly-worn brogues, rapaciously swinging a fringed camera bag with distant, bloodshot eyes. The other looked nearly as maniacal, but his suit was obviously tailored, if composed by a colorblind madman – apparently for none less than a clown. It was primarily salmon wrapped in a banana taffy jacket, and it couldn't possibly have clashed any more vigorously with the pumpkin orange, neon green, and royal purple palette of the whole godforsaken office.
He led the other now, practically rubbing his hands together as he strode between the common area's ping pong table and the bleary-eyed pair – Barney Blimp and neighboring Edgar, who was still obliviously babbling – studying them as if he might just stop to bend down for a closer look. Tharp and Built had paused their business to look on as if watching their respective pets sniff each other at the park, free of the leash. The messy one took a place in the corner at the intersection of the two thigh-to-ceiling panes of glass window and their gray, mid-morning sky as the adorned man leapt atop an unoccupied desk, knocking over an ergonomic keyboard. He began speaking without prompt or context.
"You wanted to know Theo Pith's identity. I am the man who has asked that question."
Only a few yards away, Peter leaned back on the metal frame of his office door, grabbing it for support. Edgar finally shut his mouth and swiveled to look at the commotion, aghast.
"I am the one who has asked that question!" shouted Pith, stifling a giggle. He jumped to the floor, satisfied with the handful of gazes he now held, and began pacing.
"Too many of the individuals I encounter have an irrational, often very intense bias or mistrust of any institution that is selling them something. To them, the customer is always the priority in business interactions, and I've been wondering... why? Is the customer 'always right?' Should I really assume - as a business owner who's made my life into a particular product or trade, who's probably read about regularly for years, likely been forced (if not sought) to examine the quality of my efforts directly and indirectly against vectors of peers of the same profession, and habitually ponders such things several times every day - that an individual who more likely than not has no other vested entrance in my industry should be treated as the higher authority? That any old bloke who walks in to my operation – literally or metaphorically – is superior to myself, even in that space. The idiocy is easily evident, but the mentality is more destructive than you'd think."
Built – still watching, wide-eyed – moved timidly to a worn "chair" (nothing more than an orange semi-solid fabric cylinder) and sat deliberately down, leaning forward to clasp his hands together in front of his knees. Ms. Tharp remained where she was, watching Theo in noticeable boredom atop a morsel of amusement. In the corner, the most distressed of the entourage shifted his weight to the other foot, producing a steno pad & pen from his jacket's inner pocket and attentively jotting two sentences upon it. The event had finally captured Blimp's attention and turned his glassy eyes, but his hands still hovered in stasis over his keyboard. Increasing the velocity of his pacing further still, Pith continued, green eyes strafing the scene.
"All of us know somebody who knows how to use their customer privilege to their advantage, consciously or unconsciously. To be fair, I think it's unconscious – not malicious – for the majority. These folks will call a customer service number and scream dissatisfactions and threats at all the poor souls in the hierarchy until they get a refund, a lower price, or some other special privilege. And for that, they're often rewarded – they are an insignificant enough fraction of the base that the industry can afford to give in to them, and so it perpetuates... But what if you had the opportunity to skirt the risks and buck the bitches back? What if you had the opportunity to be proud of your product and not give a damn how it's received? What if you were given a ticket to the ride on that bubble – that security that only the impossibility of failure can enable? What if I told you I wanted to make that happen for MapQuest? What sort of transformations would this office undergo?"
A man and woman turned briskly 'round the far corner of the conference block on their way back from the opposite break room, simultaneously ceasing their chat and their speed upon the spectacle. From the outside street, the dampened sirens and buzzed honking from a passing ambulance could be heard through the soundproofing. The audience of the raving now totaled ten souls, most bewildered.
"I realize that I crash my own wedding – that it's basically both arranged and whirlwindish, but research on relationships shows that both sorts are much more successful than you might suppose!"
He paused to show a smile to the whole room. It was left unrequited.
"Perhaps we should proceed as if these are the only two types – perhaps that would give us a chance at imagining something truly different. I have always loved your platform, personally – I have myself carried many directions along successfully to many unfamiliar places, and who knows how much I should thank you all for how much resulting calm!"
He paused again to look off – as if daydreaming – to some distance of his imagination beyond the ceiling's dotted tiles. "Ah, the effect of nearly anything printed! A more serene spirit than a screen will ever provide, I think... and that is why I've bought you."
He left a silence – still without expectation of a response – before beginning yet again.
"The last time I slept, I had this dream. There was this couple – a man and woman – living in a sort of Roman/Venetian hybrid future where the Catholic Church had bought Google and begun to use its platforms to sell Indulgences again to billions of users. Like... AdSense, but significantly more aggressive, and soliciting financial reparations for sin. I first met the guy... looked exactly like Paul Walker, told me he raised cattle. I was a consultant or something... working on redesigning an obscenely efficient HVAC system for the Church, for no other reason than... well, they suddenly had even more cash, and actually couldn't figure out how to blow it fast enough. One day, I get a call about an explosion on the project and I find out that Paul Walker, his girlfriend, and their friendly pet panther, Sophie are the prime, on-the-ground triad of an anti-Googlechurch terrorist organization. This whole digipapal monstrosity was just explicitly conspiratorial and hilariously evil with so much sudden, consolidated power and wealth that it actually crippled them – they couldn't organize quickly enough.
"So, I've been thinking – independently of my subconscious, of course... well, as independently of one's subconscious as one can possibly think – I'd like this acquisition to be an opportunity to reimagine 'longform' directions, if you will. You guys have spent the past few years building a very competitive and unique mobile navigation experience, and I think you've done an astonishing job with the resources you've had – you've definitely made Google feel like idiots among themselves, but it's time we make them look like fools to the rest of the world for treating the sacred task of guidance with so little respect. Detailed, precise directions are MapQuest's wheelhouse, and the ways you've figured out to express that philosophy in a mobile app are truly astonishing, but now that you have essentially nothing to lose, I want to take this company back to its roots... its home grass.
"I know... I'm sure you have a bunch of agenda and performance presentations to whip up for me, but I can't be reassuring enough, here... it's really, just fine. Irrespective of what's coming in and going out, I'm going to commit, here and now, to keeping MapQuest in the black. It's completely fine. Whatever happens – just don't dump budgets directly into Ugandan email scams or anything... try not to topple senselessly, I guess – but whatever happens, you'll all have your jobs for the foreseeable future, but with a lot more freedom to do what you feel like doing. For now, your two directives are simply nobody leaves or gets fired for any reason, and from this day forward, the app will be treated as legacy software."
The pacing stayed just in front of the center-desked pair, and Pith locked eyes with the now almost sullen Blimp, clasping his hands behind his back as he curtly bobbed his chin and inhaled for a conclusive followup.
"This is my supreme Head of Operations, Ms. Lily Tharp," he said, gesturing toward her stoic post. "And my friend from the Wretched Economist, Mr. Lenny Lather." From the corner, Lenny looked up from his pad scribbling just long enough to nod in reply.
"My name is Theodore Pith, and I have bought this company. It is my sincere hope that none of you go home today with negative feelings toward myself or your future here because I can't emphasize enough how secure it really is. I'll be in touch, and we'll be back in Denver within the month for more professional discussions on where this needs to go. Though I intend to get to know each and every one of you, I'm afraid my time is tight, today. That said... does anybody have any questions for the moment?"
Nobody and nothing. Barney Blimp had long since left his body behind in the words and Edgar was cartoonishly dumbfounded. The walking pair had sat on the furthest unoccupied desks within line-of-sight. Peter Built conscientiously closed his mouth – which had been open for who-knows-how-long, and Lily stared at the floor. Lather had caught up with his steno pad and leaned against the window that was the wall, sensing within himself the swimming tadpole of insufficiency – he would need more cocaine soon.
Pith looked at his wristwatch. "Ah, well... it's early! Too early for this kind of talk, I'm sure. We're gonna jet, but we'll certainly be returning within the week to meet each of you one-on-one. The Q'n'A can wait till then, of course. Enjoy the rest of your Thursday!"
This time, he was in the lead out of the office, his smile gone. Tharp wordlessly slipped a bright matte orange business card to Peter as she passed; he looked into her eyes like a begging leper as he grasped it in his fingers like a secret. Lenny lurched off the wall and stuffed his things in his bag, shuffling to catch up. The following silence was profound – finally broken by Blimp from his distant gaze.
"Fuckin Thursdays," he said.