# Pith's MaqQuest Monologue [Chapter II]

`blimp`

It is 9AM, and Pith hasn't slept for two days, and he's been popping pills this whole time. Nobody in the office knows who he is, but most of them notice the entrance of his meager entourage. Immediately, he begins speaking.

You wanted to know Theo Pith’s identity. I am the man who has asked that question.

[A bewildered silence before he repeats, suppressing a laugh] I am the man who has asked that question!

Too many of the individuals I encounter have an irrational, often very intense bias or mistrust of any institution that is selling them something. To them, the customer is always the priority in business interactions, and I've been wondering... why? Is the customer "always right?" Should I really assume - as a business owner who's made my life into a particular product or trade, who's probably read about regularly for years, likely been forced (if not sought) to examine the quality of my efforts directly and indirectly against that of peers of the same profession, and habitually ponders such things several times every day - that an individual who more likely than not has no other vested entrance in my industry should be treated as the higher authority? That any old bloke who walks in to my operation - literally or metaphorically - is superior to myself, even in that space. The idiocy is easily evident, but the mentality is more destructive than you'd think. 

All of us know somebody who knows how to use their customer privilege to their advantage, consciously or unconsciously. To be fair, I think it's unconscious - not malicious - for the majority. These folks will call a customer service number and scream dissatisfactionsand threats at all the poor souls in the hierarchy until they get a refund, a lower price, or some other special privilege. And for that, they're often rewarded - they are an insignificant enough fraction of the base that the industry can afford to give in to them, and so it perpetuates... But what if you had the opportunity to skirt the risks and buck the bitches back? What if you had the opportunity to be proud of your product and not give a damn how it's received? What if you were given a ticket to the ride on that bubble - that security that only the impossibility of failure can enable? What if I told you I wanted to make that happen for MapQuest? What sort of transformations would this office undergo?

I realize that I crash my own wedding - that it's basically both arranged _and_ whirlwindish, but research on relationships shows that both sorts are much more successful than you might suppose! _He pauses, smiling_. _It is left unrequited_. Perhaps we should proceed as if these are the only two types - perhaps _that_ would give us a chance at imagining something truly different. I have always loved your platform, personally - I have myself carried many directions along successfully to many unfamiliar places, and who knows how much I should thank you for how much resulting calm! _He pauses again to look dreamily at the ceiling's tiles_. Ah, the effect of nearly anything printed! A more serene spirit than a screen will ever provide, I think.

The last time I slept, I had this dream. There was this couple - a man and a woman - living in a sort of Roman/Venetian hybrid future where the Catholic Church had bought Google and begun to use its platforms to sell Indulgences again to billions of users. Like... AdSense, but significantly more aggressive, and soliciting financial reparations for sin. I first met the guy... looked exactly like Paul Walker, told me he raised cattle. I was a consultant or something... working on redesigning an obscenely efficient HVAC system for the Church, for no other reason than... well, they suddenly had even more cash, and actually couldn't figure out how to blow it fast enough. One day, I get a call about an explosion on the project and I find out that Paul Walker, his girlfriend, and their friendly pet panther, Sophie are the prime, on-the-ground triad of an anti-Googlechurch terrorist organization. This whole digipapal monstrosity was just explicitly conspiratorial and hilariously evil with so much sudden, consolidated power and wealth that it actually crippled them - they couldn't organize quickly enough.

So, I've been thinking - independently of my subconscious, of course... well, as independently of one's subconscious as one can possibly think - I'd like this acquisition to be the Catholic Google, Sophie, and Paul Walker of mobile navigation. I know... I'm sure you have a bunch of agenda and performance presentations to whip up for me, but I can't be reassuring enough, here... it's really, just fine. Irrespective of what's coming in and going out, I'm going to commit, here and now, to keeping MapQuest in the black. It's completely fine. Whatever happens - just don't dump budgets directly into Ugandan email scams or anything... try not to topple senselessly, I guess - but whatever happens, you'll all have your jobs for the foreseeable future, but with a lot more freedom to do what you feel like doing. 

'In practice nobody cares whether work is useful or useless, productive or parasitic; the sole thing demanded is that it shall be profitable.' Orwell said that, critically, bitterly... You don't have to think like that anymore.

-It's not exactly commonplace for the new Head of State to just walk in and begin addressing Congress without any buffer or introductions.
