{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Adobe Caslon Pro;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Adobe Caslon Pro;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx360\tqr\tx9360\fi720\ri-720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0 Gruel never yielded anything to a single soul, but most of the apartment\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s occasional guests \endash  when they\u8217\'92d pay her any mind at all \endash  mistook her resistance for- the indifference of morbid obesity, or the pervading detachment from life and reality resulting from prolonged suffering from the same. Barney had loved her in }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 precisely}{\f1\fs24\b0  the same cheesily-affectionate manner with which he did in their kittenhood, uninterrupted for nearly a decade, and thought he knew for certain how she felt about his touch \endash  he assumed that when she fled in a sudden, fluid, ground-covering saunter to her corner\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s solitude, it was only an unfortunate, but inevitable involuntary reflex to his stocky presence, when in fact his volume failed one hundred percent of his hundreds of attempts to command any whatsoever. In the midst of female and/or unfamiliar company, he\u8217\'92d make a point to bend his bulbous puckering down to search for her eyes with his own, rubbing lightly together the pads of his thumb and index finger as he very deliberately extended the whole of the grubby device toward her snout}{\f3\fs24\b0 ,}{\f1\fs24\b0  as if to point }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 at}{\f1\fs24\b0  her }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 with }{\f1\fs24\b0 the foul racket. For her ears, it was saut\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9ed nails in a chamber pot; for her tastes, it was the sound of death.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 In actuality, she had never once experienced even a wee grain of fear of the imbecile. As it happens, no living being \endash  thinking and not \endash  ever had or ever would, for the extent of his existence. If Gruel had been bestowed with the most boundless, ever-giving gift of complex linguistics, she wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have batted an eye before loudly protesting her sentiments about his life, his noise, and his rank-ass hands as they approached her, sitting static in her green bowelled-out faux leather recliner, attempting to murder him with her eyes. Unfortunately, gray Tabbies are quite unlucky \endash  or perhaps just out of all favor in the eyes of Chance, because they are the least equipped mammals by far when it comes to domestic dialog, though Gruel had learned to tolerate her companion\u8217\'92s pervasively meek nature. She was allowed to languish about for the last few years of her life, eating just a bit more than she should every day, warming herself in the windowsills bathing among welcome patches of crisp mountain sun \endash  on especially frisky occasions, even explicitly expressing her disgust by knocking one or two of Barney\u8217\'92s collectible anime figurines off their wall shelf and onto the creaky, disused air hockey table in the corner. It\u8217\'92s fairly widely-accepted in the scientific community that she, being feline, 1) could not possibly understand her own mortality in any substantial way, 2) could not maintain any sort of concept of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the future}{\f1\fs24\b0 , and 3) was extremely metacognitively limited, generally \endash  without the ability to self-reflect. And yet, Gruel\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s day-to-day demeanor \endash  were you able to translate the thoughts occupying the space between her two (especially soft) ears into an English internal dialogue \endash  was full of easily recognizable human utterances.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wish you were dead,\u8221\'94 in response to Barney\u8217\'92s more especially foul habits (like the horrendous rubbing.) \u8220\'93Though I am }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 actually}{\f1\fs24\b0  going to die before you, you know. I see you there, poking your grotesque digits at me, cooing your fucking jowls, and it makes me sick,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 she\u8217\'92d continue. \u8220\'93If we truly }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f1\fs24\b0  creations of the omniscient judeochristian God, and he chose to keep you, he is no \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91sadist,\u8217\'92 but a nano-brained sky idiot intent on utterly wasting his limitless time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 If domesticated pet conventions were a bit different, and the course of evolutionary feline anatomy altered \endash  if Gruel }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f1\fs24\b0  able to verbalize and audibilize these sentiments to Barney Blimp from the first moment they came to be together, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no telling which of them would still be alive, or if he\u8217\'92d have turned out a bit sharper. At thirty years old, Mr. Blimp was single, white, and }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 frumpy}{\f1\fs24\b0 . He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d moved them in to their downtown Denver apartment on his new boss\u8217\'92s abrasive recommendation after landing a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Senior }{\f1\fs24\b0 Software Engineer position at MapQuest\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s then-new, 17,000 square foot headquarters just two blocks North; the company, itself a continually less-relevant navigation service and mobile application. For Barney, achieving a real }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 tech industry job}{\f1\fs24\b0  to which he could show up in pajamas and drink cheap beer had been a point of substantial pride, though the most he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d ever mustered would be considered minimal by any self-respecting individual. It was his privilege to watch over }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Server Room}{\f1\fs24\b0 , with its gray, winking racks, and arid, coppertone heat \endash  where the data of millions of users was stored and exchanged securely. Granted, most of them were elderly \endash  those few not quite old enough to stop driving (according to them, not their children,) but not fresh enough to detach themselves entirely from physically printed digital directions. The gap was narrowing by the week, but Barney didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mind much \endash  it kept his job consistently low-stress, sparing him daily energy he\u8217\'92d need in the after-five dash home to log in and take over for his Mountain Time afternoon shift, watching over the virtual skies through a simulated radar scope on the Virtual Air Traffic Simulation network (VATSIM).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 From around the world, commercial pilots-in-training would log in using complex home built addons to form a cohesive virtual world \endash  the dullest Massively Multiplayer Online Game ever spawned \endash  in which they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d simulate every monotonous detail involved in captaining a passenger flight \endash  the flight plan, the kneeboard checklist, and \endash  if the locale was chosen correctly, where a supervisor was present \endash  the communication with air traffic control, including clearance requests, readbacks, handoffs, and approvals \endash  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 every one}{\f1\fs24\b0  of the most irritating bureaucracies involved in contemporary flight. Even the longest-aging simulator titles could be Frankensteined to subject a user with realtime-updated weather, delays, traffic redirection, etc, necessitating a student to use all of the real-world weather monitoring services as they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be required \endash  as well as the judgments which would depend on the data \endash  throughout the rest of their long, hateful, empty careers. After they\u8217\'92d earned their certifications to fly real aircraft, the vast majority would be glad to leave VATSIM behind forever. (Not even jet pilots want to digitally recreate the tedium of their day job during off hours.) However, a select few }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 ultra}{\f1\fs24\b0 -dorky aviation nerds like Blimp participated for no reason at all except for an especially quaint masochism spending thousands of their living hours engaged in absurdly-realistic simulations of one of two notoriously high-stress jobs \endash  Captain or air traffic controller \endash  without any expectation of compensation. It is in these extremist communities that you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll find }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the }{\f1\fs24\b0 most rule-following, law-abiding, legislation-jerking twerps in existence today. General Aviation Dads are the grunts \endash  the muscle of petty, aggravating adherence to their everpresent FARAIM manuals \endash  a glossy, ten-pound, yearly-updated collection of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 every single }{\f1\fs24\b0 regulation enforced by the Federal Aviation Administration \endash  but most have legitimate careers, wives, and moderately healthy children. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Hardcore Simmers}{\f1\fs24\b0 , however, are an inexplicably dedicated bunch \endash  bile of the least-socialized sort \endash  not for the sake of competition, fun, nor even mastery. When asked, Blimp spoke of his dedication as if it was an (unsolicited,) diehard }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 duty}{\f1\fs24\b0 -bound slavery \endash  he was }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 needed}{\f1\fs24\b0  by the community. In the context of their continued function, it was true \endash  he }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 was }{\f1\fs24\b0 Ultimate Air Boss of the Denver Area Digital ARTCC \endash  but his sudden, permanent, unannounced absence would debatably result in little more than a minor inconvenience; a few broken, too-Germanic hearts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Regardless of the reality of his role, Barney Blimp }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 needed to be needed}{\f1\fs24\b0 , as one says. Over the course of his half-decade participation in the organization, he had somehow amassed over 20,000 online forum posts, communicating with the membership \endash  which maintained a populace of fifty or so \endash  and logged some 4,500 hours as a virtual air traffic controller. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d flown a little high-winged Cessna as an adolescent for an hour with an instructor \endash  his mother\u8217\'92s gift for his fifteenth birthday \endash  and had savored every one of the handful of opportunities his working life allowed him to fly commercially, an elderly laptop balanced on his knees and a massive headset strapped to his skull, streaming and scrutinizing every monotonous exchange between the relevant parties of his flight. Friends and co-workers tended to catch on to the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Blimpisms}{\f1\fs24\b0  quickly \endash  and knew they necessitated consideration as }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 charming sensibilities}{\f1\fs24\b0  \endash  or they would be unsuccessful in forming or maintaining any sort of relationship with the man \endash  he zealously held his obsessions in indefatigable First Priority, which was undeniably the only respectable thing about him, for Barney Blimp was in adulthood a zealot of indifference, above all}{\f3\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 The computer fan whined into another of its labored peaks and the bottommost of the four blue lights in the tower\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s inner lip began to pulse quickly for a few moments before its blinking returned with the wind to their intermittent normality \endash  an endless, untiring oscillation that Gruel had more or less concluded to be the thing\u8217\'92s unholy breath. A voice \endash  preadolescent, muffled, and rurally earnest pushed its way through a three-figure headset and three days\u8217\'92 worth of dandruff from above.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tacoma ground, Southwest six one seven\u8230\'85 mic check.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Southwest six one seven, Tacoma ground hears you,\u8221\'94 Barney breathed. The sudden nostril whistle from his inhale had started her from her waking dream in the everlasting twilight of hypnosis that defined his room. Never day or night \endash  the displays over which his eyes were perpetually rolling were always the primary, unsatisfactory source of light. This abominable furniture ruled the cat\u8217\'92s life by proxy, as her companion was totally bewitched by its relentless, all-hour religion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 He shifted forward, clicking and dragging more rapidly, his feet clawing dumbly at the rubber to creep him as he cleared his throat. His eyes did two laps of the bottom left screen before he settled them on its bezel and raised their brows, expecting a request.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 Just he began to inhale again, it came through, hesitant and crackling. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tacoma ground, hello. Southwest\u8230\'85 six one seven requests IFR clearance to Phoenix.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 At once, Blimp straightened his back and faced his left screen as he queued the keyboard, inhaling deep to begin \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Southwest six\u8230\'85 one seven, you are cleared to Phoenix viaaa\u8230\'85 Correction, as filed. Maintain 5000. Expect flight level three five zero ten minutes after departure. Departure frequency one two zero point four. Squawk 7500.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 He leaned back in his chair for the retort, taking his can of energy drink with him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cleared to Phoenix as filed. We\u8217\'92ll stay at 5000, expecting three five zero in ten, over to departure on one two zero point four. We\u8217\'92re squawking seven five zero zero for Southwest six one seven.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Southwest six one seven, readback correct. Expect runway one six left via\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 And it went on}{\f1\fs24\b0 . All of Gruel sat spread over her paws, wearing into the same spot of the musky white carpet \endash  a few inches behind the office chair\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s serrated, coffee-stained rubber mat, her ancient girth holding the white globules, bent. A crater would be her legacy \endash  the final record of her thousands\u8230\'85 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 millions}{\f1\fs24\b0  of hours spent watching hairy white feet idly shift in ambient electric gloom, while her deranged, dysfunctional guardian looked at the wall, mumbling numbers to himself in spurts.}}